Are right congratulations again for having implemented the random strategy and Knowsley Thompson Semlin.
Now we're going to put that all in production and to do so well of course we're going to test the two
algorithms here and see which one performs the best.
Of course we know that it is going to be Tompson sampling but we would like to see by how much.
Thompson sampling is going to beat the random strategy.
So here we go and to test that we are going to compute the absolute and relative return.
So let me show you on investor PALEA what is exactly the absolute and relative return so relative return
is the return an asset achieves over a period of time compared to benchmark.
And so in our situation the benchmark is of course the Ranum strategy and the asset is of course Tompson
sampling and so we're going to see how better our Thompson something asset achieves over a period of
time which is our 10000 rounds compared to the benchmark which is around strategy.
And then I say the relative return is the difference between the assets return and the return of the
benchmark.
But in our case we're going to call that difference the absolute return like what we do in physics you
know.
So we're going to call the absolute return.
The difference between the Tomsen something performance and the Ranum strategy performance.
And then we also compute the relative return in our terms which will be by what percentage or more.
Thompson something outperforms the random strategy.
All right let's do this.
Just wanted to show you this.
So that what we compute is clear for everybody.
So let's start with the absolute return in our terms which as we just said is going to be the difference
between the total reward accumulated by Tompson something you know our asset minus the total reward
of the Ranum strategy and that's the absolute return.
Simply the difference.
But I want to do something fun.
You know here we'll only get the difference of the accumulated once you know the some of the ones accumulated
by Tompson sampling minus some of the ones I completed by the Ranum strategy because we could do something
more fun.
Keep in mind that one actually means that we have a conversion by customer you know the customer subscribes
to the premium plan.
And so let's say that the premium plan is $100 per year.
You know the customer if he or she wants to subscribe to premium plan well he or she has to pay $100
per year so that the absolute return that we compute is going to be.
Well this difference multiplied by 100 because indeed this is exactly what the online retail business
will make an extra revenues by using Tompson sampling compared to the rended strategy.
So this result here will be exactly the amount in dollars that this online retail business will win.
Thanks to Tompson sampling.
All right.
So that's the first thing we compute.
And then now let's compute the relative return which is just a seed by which percentage the Thomson
sampling algorithm here outperforms the Ranum strategy.
So relative return which is going to be well we can take that again actually say that again the difference
between the toll we were accumulated by the Tompson sampling algorithm and the toll we were accumulated
by the random strategy divided by Therefore the total reward accumulated by the Rand strategy because
we want to see how we do better compared to the Ranum strategy which is our benchmark.
And then we can again multiply by 100 because indeed we want to get a percentage.
Okay.
To get the percentage.
We have to multiply by 100.
All right perfect so we get this and now we're going to do some nice prints to print one print to print
the absolute return.
And one of the print print the relative returns so here we go.
Let's start with the first Brant first print we're going to print.
So we have to put in quotes the absolute return and now we're going to use this nice format trick which
is a new feature by Biden 3.6.
Make sure you have Biden 3.6 and inside his brackets here.
I'm going to put a call in then at that and then zero.
And that means that I want to get the absolute return as a float of zero decimals.
That is as an integer as a rounded integer and anyway you know this result here of this formulation
of the second edition is correct in integer but it's just that you have to know the trick to get the
format you want.
And then here inside the string I'm just going to add a dollar to say that indeed the business is making
that much more money in dollars.
But of course if you're for example from Europe you can put euros or if you were from another country
well you can put your currency is just for fun which we're doing here.
And then this format trick has to be implemented this way after this string that you put in that will
quote you need add that format and then very simply because format is function inside this format function
in parenthesis you just need to input what is going to be here.
No that is absolute return.
And that's why here I'm adding the variable that will give us exactly this absolute return.
All right perfect so our printer is ready.
And now let's print the relative return this time in the second print.
So that's why I just copy pasted because this is going to be exactly the same we just have to basically
replace absolute relative here.
As I just did and here as well.
So relative return.
And here we go.
Our prints are red and I suggest that we already see what is the absolute and relative return.
And by the way let's not forget also to replace this dollar by a percent because the relative return
is a percentage you know it's by which percentage the Thompsons and the algorithm outperforms the random.